

--- Page 1 ---
Problem C:  
The FloorSet Challenge: Data-Driven SoC 
Floorplanning 
 
Uday Mallappa, Sachin Bhat, Pei Chun Ch’ng, Somdeb Majumdar,  
Yuan Lu, Yusu Wang 
(Intel) 
 
To facilitate centralized issue tracking and faster response times,  
you are encouraged to submit your questions directly through the Git repository. 
 
Q&A 
 
Q1. The write-up mentions that any deviation in dimensions for fixed-shape and 
preplaced blocks is a hard-violation and should result in a score of 10, but then there 
is also a soft-constraint formula given to compute these violations, which are 
contradictory in nature. Could you please specify whether to consider this as a hard or 
soft constraint? 
cost.py provided in the GitHub repo doesn’t explicitly consider hard-constraint 
penalty (M=10) or the alpha, beta and gamma values given in the cost function. Does 
this mean that the organizers are yet to provide a proper validator program? 
 
A1. Here is the contest repo, that addresses these concerns. 
https://github.com/IntelLabs/FloorSet/tree/main/iccad2026contest 
 
 
Q2. I am writing to request clarification regarding the technical environment and 
evaluation process for Problem C. 
Specifically, I would like to inquire about the following details: 
1. Memory Capacity: Could you please provide the specific memory (RAM/VRAM) 
limits allocated for each submission during evaluation? 
2. Batch Processing: During the validation and test phases, can the test cases be 
processed in batches, or they should be evaluated sequentially? 
 


--- Page 2 ---
A2. These are the hardware specs -> A100 80GB VRAM GPU, ICELAKE CPU with 
48 cores, 128GB RAM 
Batch processing -> The test cases will be evaluated sequentially.  
 
 
Q3. I am writing to clarify the hardware specifications for the hidden test set 
evaluation environment, as this heavily impacts our inference strategy and the 
"Runtime Factor" score. 
Could you please provide the following details regarding the evaluation server: 
1. What specific CPU and GPU models will be used for evaluation? 
2. What is the maximum RAM capacity allocated per submission? 
3. Are we permitted to utilize multiprocessing or multithreading during inference? 
 
A3.  
1. A100 80GB VRAM GPU, ICELAKE CPU with 48 cores 
2. 128GB RAM 
3. The test samples are evaluated sequentially. But for each sample evaluation, 
multiprocessing or multithreading can be used.  
 
 
Q4. We found that the training data golden answers violate MIB, Boundary, and 
Group constraints in some cases. 
Since these are soft constraints, are the golden answers themselves penalized? 
 
A4. Yes, seeing soft violations in training data is normal and consistent with how the 
dataset is intended to be used. 
